doc: add notable-change mention to sec release (#55830)
nodejs/node: doc/contributing/releases.md

git cherry-pick  ...  # cherry-pick nodejs-private PR commits directly into the proposal
```

> Remember to flag the CVE fixes as `notable-change` in the nodejs-private so it
> will be automatically included in the CHANGELOG "Notable Changes" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure to label the CVE fixes as notable-change in the nodejs-private repository.
This will ensure they are automatically included in the "Notable Changes" section of the CHANGELOG.
```

Reviewer 2: I would drop "automatically"
```suggestion
Be sure to label the CVE fixes as `notable-change` in the nodejs-private repository.
This will ensure they are included in the "Notable Changes" section of the CHANGELOG.
```
